# Visualization-of-sales-report-using-powerBi
This is a project on visualizing the sales data and making an informative powerbi dashboard
This is a project on visualisation using PowerBi on a sales data. In this Powerbi file I have checked if there is any duplicate value in the raw data , after that, I have checked if there is any empty columns and Rows. I have added a column named target profit, which is the 110 percentage of profit that was on the raw data. I have also added 2,3 measures that shows the sum of sales , profit  and target profit. in the report view, I have added three cards in the first page, which shows the total sales total profit and target profit. I have used doughnut charts, hundred percentage stacked area chart And bar and slicer that shows the date to retrieve the details of sales in which we can understand that most sales was done in United States, followed by Canada, France, Germany, and Mexico on the segments. Most sailed segments was on government, then small business, enterprises
In the second page, we can understand the details about profit. I have used two cards shows profit and target profit and there is a chart showing the progress to target. I have added two pie charts which shows profit by country and bi segment. The country that most profit have made was France followed by Germany, Canada, United States, and Mexico , and most profit by segment was by government, followed by small business. In addition to this, I have added a KPI chart and a slicer of dates and a scatter plot which shows the details of profit. I have also added two bookmarks, which shows the most profit place and the least profit place. 
On the last page, you can see the details of country and submit it contains two graph which shows the segment area and one shows the country region and there is graph which shows the units sold in different countries and the unit sold in different segments. There is a slicer which shows different segment by clicking on that you can see the details of the region on different segments .
